# I had been working on my own finances sheets

I had been working making my own sheets, initially I started just to be able to do my own taxes, but as time went on I saw how it gives me a lot of benefits on tracking my money. More importantly, I can track how much money I owe, what I have, I can tell when money dissapears or is not reported, it helps me do smart money decisions, allows me to track subscriptions, how much of the money I owe I can pay, helps me figure out how to save money for retirement and other things, helps me adapt to certain contracts, and much more.

I am not going to share it yet. I am not happy with how it looks like currently, and it also has some informal wording (that I rather not change). It's biggest limitation currently is that I am unemployed, not having a consistent monthly source of income prevents me from developing my full idea or to see it in practice or to use it for taxes.

Once I have a job, what I am going to with my sheets is

1. Create a new one every month

2. Have one dedicated to the entire year (I don't have any idea of what this will look like, I'll develop this as I go)

3. Track my payments towards my credit card. Currently I don't track the dates or the amount of the payments I make to them, and I rely on them to calculate the amount I owe. This isn't good. (I don't need to do this to my debit card, because I am not paying them money, all I have to do is check regularly that the money doesn't change and keep track of transactions)

It's very useful and doesn't really take a lot of effort once it's done, since I don't spend a lot of money and it takes a minute to update it. Once I feel more confident about it, I'll release this on the site, expect three files

1. Finances Sheet v1 (Simpler)

2. Finances Sheet Monthly v2

3. Finances Sheet Yearly v2

I created this on Google Sheets, since it's very convenient, accessible, and I am familiar with it (I also know how to use excel and it's honestly a lot more advanced and less problematic. Creating a Pie Chart on Google Sheets has been very annoying, simplifying things limits control)
